AUTOPSY ROOM 3 SHIZUNE OYONE KUMADORI
What is all this ruckus?!
The Akatsuki has begun its assault.
Danzo...
Is it true about the Akatsuki attacking?!
Yes, the one who has attacked is Pain, their leader...
who defeated Jiraiya.
You're saying that he has personally come after the Hidden Leaf,
so soon after he killed Jiraiya?
Yes... They've been hunting Jinchuriki hosts
in order to accumulate Tailed Beasts.
It's believed that in addition to the One-Tail of the Sand,
most of the Jinchuriki have fallen into their hands.
Then...their target is...
The Fourth Hokage's legacy... Naruto Uzumaki!
And yet, despite the danger,
the Fifth Hokage is trying to summon Naruto back.
Such a thing... is like pouring oil onto a fire!
Yes... If we keep listening to the Fifth Hokage...
the Hidden Leaf will be destroyed!
What was that?!
Stop! You mustn't go outside!
Shikamaru! What's going on?!
The Akatsuki has entered our territory.
Kurenai Sensei, can you step back?
Drop dead!
Get down!
Are you all right?
I'm fine. But Sensei, please use the underground tunnel
and go to the evacuation shelter.
I'll escort you part way.
If anything should happen to you or the baby,
I wouldn't be able to face Asuma.
Shikamaru...
Huh? Where's Naruto?
Can't you tell?
Heh?
Look carefully!
Naruto... I didn't notice him at all.
Impressive...
Look how far he's come in being one with nature.
Well, that's about it for this training.
I gotta take care of some business!
Watch out, Lord Fukasaku!
Oww... Are you all right, Lord Fukasaku?
Jiraiya-boy's eyes were not wrong.
That boy will become even stronger than Jiraiya-boy!
Hey! Hurry and get off me! You're heavy!
Naruto...You idiot!
HIDDEN LEAF HOSPITAL Choji!
I brought you pills.
Thanks.
What is...?!
Oh, the pain... My leg... What is all of this?
Miss Sakura! You're just in time.
Please take command.
Huh? What about Master Shizune?
She's not here.
Oh, that's right. She's in the middle of the autopsy.
There are so many wounded,
even the Medical Ninja are in a state of confusion.
We need someone to take charge and give us orders.
Take charge?!
To be responsible for so many lives...
At a time like this, Lady Tsunade would...
Here. Why not eat this and just do your best?
This is for the wounded, not me!
If you're able to walk, please go to the evacuation shelter.
Shortly, many more seriously wounded will arrive!
Those who are critical will be red!
If treatment can wait, they are yellow!
And those with minor injuries are green!
Tag them with ribbons and separate them!
Y-Yes, ma'am.
You're...amazing.
I'm going back! You're in charge here.
Yes.
Are you all right? Can you breathe?
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here - unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, I run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
Power to Believe
All right. I will return to call Naruto back.
I'm counting on you!
Stop!
Leave Naruto on Mount Myoboku.
What?!
We understand that it's the Akatsuki's leader
who has attacked our village.
How did you find out?
We heard it from Danzo.
Moreover, they are after Naruto's Jinchuriki power.
So what of it?
The last time, we gave you the benefit of the doubt.
But not this time.
Naruto is still a child.
This is the assailant who brought Jiraiya down!
If Naruto is taken and the Nine-Tails falls into their hands...
Wha-?! What are you doing?!
Don't try to protect me! Naruto, you too, stop!
If you die...your dreams, everything will be gone.
Humph... I'm all right.
Enough! Move! And run!
Until I become Hokage...
I'll...
never die!
I will avenge Pervy Sage!
I can't just sit around doing nothing!
However...I guess I shouldn't wallow in sadness.
My duty is to be a model for the next generation
and to help them out.
For that, I'd happily give my life.
I can see that child truly loved and admired Jiraiya-boy.
I can't help but hope that he is the Child of Prophecy.
For Jiraiya-boy has entrusted his all to that child.
Y-You... Unhand us, Tsunade!
How dare you raise your hand against us counselors...
Who do you think you are?!
How long do you intend to treat him like a child?
What?!
The will of the Hidden Leaf has been passed on
and it's growing!
Naruto is striving to surpass Jiraiya this very minute!
He's not a hidden weapon
to be used by the Hidden Leaf as a deterrent to war!
He is a ninja who has sworn to protect the Hidden Leaf...
He is Naruto Uzumaki!
Jiraiya, Sarutobi Sensei and Lady Chiyo of the Sand
all had what you two lack.
Do you know what that is?
Today, I am going to recite a poem I wrote.
I want you to remember it when you go home.
No thanks! I can't memorize stuff like that.
Couldn't agree more.
Hey! Naruto!
Iruka Sensei!
That's all right, Iruka. They have a point.
Ah... I-I'm sorry.
Let's see. I won't tell you to memorize the entire poem.
Nor will I expect you to understand its meaning.
But when you are grown,
I want you to think back and recall the words of this old man.
It's about a way of thinking
that is sure to be useful to you in your future,
and concerns the will of fire.
In the place where leaves dance... The fire burns...
The shadow of the fire shines on the village...
Once again, new leaves sprout.
Amidst this Shinobi world created by us foolish old people...
I am glad that a person like you showed up...
The things I did in the past were nothing but mistakes...
But...in my last hour,
it seems I shall finally be able to do the right thing.
The Village Hidden in the Sand and... The Village Hidden in the Leaves.
The future is likely to be different
from the way things were in our time...
Your mysterious power that Kakashi spoke of...
That power is likely to alter the future greatly...
when you become a Hokage like none before...
What Sarutobi Sensei and Lady Chiyo of the Sand had,
and what you two lack. That is...
The power to believe!
In the same way that my grandfather, the First Hokage,
believed in you and entrusted the Hidden Leaf to you...
It is time for you to believe,
and entrust to the next generation!
Do as you please.
Lady Tsunade!
Did you learn anything?
Yes!
This here!
What is it?
It seems to be a receiver for chakra signals.
Pain's corpse had these inserted throughout his body.
A receiver?!
According to what Lord Fukasaku said,
all six Pains had these stuck in their bodies and faces.
Does this mean that the six Pains receive
some kind of chakra signal through their bodies, and then take action?
That part isn't clear yet.
A receiver... Or they use it to transmit chakra to each other.
Something wireless...
Also, this has definitely been activated.
This must be connected to the secret of Pain's strength.
Together with the data the Interrogation Corps gathers,
we'll figure this out.
According to the Intel Division, the enemy is looking for Naruto.
This enemy, who infiltrated the village, is undoubtedly Pain.
Pain...
We must tell Lord Fukasaku of the situation in detail.
Messenger frog! When you go to summon Naruto,
relay this message as well.
Understood!
Shizune, take the data from the autopsy,
collaborate with Interrogation Corps and figure out just who Pain is!
Yes, ma'am!
Anbu Black Ops cell B will provide Shizune with a protective escort!
Subsequently, you are to guard the Interrogation Corps!
Do not allow the enemy to get near them!
Yes, ma'am!
I will wait for further news on the rooftop,
and I will provide treatment for all the wounded through Katsuyu.
I will use all my power to protect the village!
Let's go!
Right! I must rush to Lord Fukasaku too!
They are so useless. All they've done is grow old...
So Tsunade persuaded them to her side instead...
But now, the Nine-Tails can be kept caged up.
I'll ask you once more.
Where is Naruto Uzumaki?
Go to hell!
Speak. Is Naruto Uzumaki in this village or not?
Which is it?
I-I don't know...
This guy... He sucked up the jutsu!
Then we'll have to engage in direct combat.
Summoning Jutsu.
Starting now, attach yourself to every ninja and citizen
in the Hidden Leaf Village!
Take in my chakra and use it to treat all their injuries!
It seems the village is in dire straits.
Never mind, just go.
I understand.
I will protect this village, no matter what happens!
I swear upon my title of Hokage!
Are you all right?
Tell me where the Jinchuriki of the Nine-Tails is...
Or else, I'll kill you.
This crest...
I see... So he's from the Akatsuki.
Speak up.
Naruto...
I have no intention of telling you anything!
I see... Then I have no use for you.
You create a loud diversion,
so that you can investigate from the shadows, eh?
Kakashi!
Please take the wounded one and get away.
Leave this scene to me.
Roger!
Good luck, Kakashi!
Now it's just the two of us.
Then I'll ask you. Where is the Nine-Tails?
What you're doing is totally pointless.
The people of this village are different from your average village.
Even if it means dying,
there's not a single one of us who would
sell out a comrade.
Pain displays his overwhelming powers
by wiping out the Leaf reinforcements.
Despite their efforts, the Leaf Ninja are gradually cornered.
Those who fight for the village...
And those who fight to protect their loved ones...
As they fight past their own limits,
what possible strategy can they make?
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Pain vs Kakashi"
Tune in again!